Remove my old dns and added my new one (#308)
AdguardTeam/KnowledgeBaseDNS: docs/general/dns-providers.md

|----------------|----------------------------------------------------|----------------|
|DNS-over-HTTPS|`https://kids.ns.nwps.fi/dns-query` | [Add to AdGuard](adguard:add_dns_server?address=https://kids.ns.nwps.fi/dns-query&name=kids.ns.nwps.fi), [Add to AdGuard VPN](adguardvpn:add_dns_server?address=https://kids.ns.nwps.fi/dns-query&name=kids.ns.nwps.fi) |
|DNS-over-TLS|`tls://kids.ns.nwps.fi` | [Add to AdGuard](adguard:add_dns_server?address=tls://kids.ns.nwps.fi&name=kids.ns.nwps.fi), [Add to AdGuard VPN](adguardvpn:add_dns_server?address=tls://kids.ns.nwps.fi&name=kids.ns.nwps.fi) |

### DNSGUARD

> This dns block ads, tracking, and malware, with a strict no-logging policy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This DNS service blocks ads, tracking, and malware and has a strict no-logging policy.
```
